docs: Improve friendliness of the dev docs (#1458)
openservicemesh/osm: docs/development_guide.md

# Open Service Mesh Development Guide

> Thank you for joining us on a journey to build an SMI-native lightweight service mesh. The first of our [core principles](https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm#core-principles) is to create a system, which is "simple to understand and contribute to." We hope that you would find the source code easy to understand. If not - we invite you to help us fulfil this principle. There is no PR too small!

Reviewer: *fulfill

Reviewer: I'd keep the Welcome message and add your part underneath it

To understand *what* Open Service Mesh does - take it for a spin and kick the tires. Install it on your Kubernetes cluster by following [this guide](./example/README.md).

> To get a deeper understanding of how OSM does what it does - take a look at the detailed [software design](../DESIGN.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get a deeper understanding of how OSM does what it does - take a look at the detailed [software design](/DESIGN.md).
```

# Open Service Mesh Development Guide

Welcome to the Open Service Mesh development guide!
Thank you for joining us on a journey to build an SMI-native lightweight service mesh. The first of our [core principles](https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm#core-principles) is to create a system, which is "simple to understand and contribute to." We hope that you would find the source code easy to understand. If not - we invite you to help us fulfill this principle. There is no PR too small!

To understand *what* Open Service Mesh does - take it for a spin and kick the tires. Install it on your Kubernetes cluster by following [this guide](./example/README.md).

> To get a deeper understanding of how OSM does what it does - take a look at the detailed [software design](/DESIGN.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get a deeper understanding of how OSM functions - take a look at the detailed [software design](/DESIGN.md).
```

Author: Thanks!  Followed up here: https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm/pull/1460

    - `smi/` - SMI client, informer, caches and tools
    - `tests/` - test fixtures and other functions to make unit testing easier
    - `trafficpolicy/` - SMI related types
</details>

The Open Service Mesh controller is written in Go.
It relies on the [SMI Spec](https://github.com/servicemeshinterface/smi-spec/).

> OSM leverages [Envoy proxy](https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy) as a data plane and Envoy's [XDS v3](https://github.com/envoyproxy/go-control-plane) protocol.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
OSM leverages [Envoy proxy](https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy) as a data plane and Envoy's [XDS v3](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/api) protocol, which is offered in Go by [go-control-plane](https://github.com/envoyproxy/go-control-plane).
```
Just suggesting

## Get Go-ing

This repository uses [Go v1.14](https://golang.org/). If you are not familiar with Go, spend some time with the excellent [Tour of Go](https://tour.golang.org/).

## Get the dependencies

The OSM packages rely on many external Go libraries.

> Take a peek at the [go.mod](../go.mod) file to see all dependencies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Take a peek at the [go.mod](/go.mod) file to see all dependencies.
```

  - `make go-vet` - same as `go vet ./...`

## Create Environment Variables

The OSM repo relies on environment variables to make it usable on your localhost. The root of the repository contains a file named `.env.example`. Copy the contents of this file into `.env`
```bash
cat .env.example > .env
```

> Tha various envirnoment variables are documented in the `.env` file itself. Modify the variables in `.env` to suite your environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The various envirnoment variables are documented in the `.env.example` file itself. Modify the variables in `.env` to suite your environment.
```

- `prometheus-*.yaml` chart templates are used to deploy a Prometheus instance when the metrics stack is enabled
- `zipkin-*.yaml` chart templates are used to deploy a Zipkin instance when Zipkin tracing is enabled

> ## Custom Resource Definitions

Reviewer 2: Should be a subsection of `Helm charts`

Author: I added another `#` to indent under `Helm charts`
Thank you!
